# Newsgame
	The objective of my newsgame is to educate students on various statistics related to our current society. Many of my questions will be politically related and many other questions will be revolved on topics that have been in the news most recently. I will approximately 10 questions for the players to answer. Some examples of the questions I will be asking are; how many people voted in the 2016 election? How many inches does the sea level rise due to global warming on an annual basis? My idea of my game is similar to jeopardy in the sense that I will be asking questions and if the player guesses correctly they will receive a point for each correct answer. If the player answers incorrectly they will receive zero points for the answer. 
	In order to create this newsgame I will be using a variety of resources that we have learned throughout the semester. I will be having input boxes for the player to put their answers in for each question. I will also have a button for each question for when the player is ready to submit that will reveal the correct answer. I will have a system set to gage whether the player got the answer correct or incorrect by using the score program. In my program, there will also be newer functions like the greet function in order to control the buttons. To make this project more visually pleasing I will add elements of bright colors and design and possibly sound to better engage the player in the newsgame.
	As a college student myself, I have found that I am not as engaged in the news as I have previously been when I was in high school. I either do not have time or do not have the resources to get updated on the news on a regular basis. The questions I will be asking will be relevant to today’s society to educate my fellow college students in hopes to make them more interested in the news.
